Project update to adapt Truffle Framework V5 changes (#25)
EspeoBlockchain/gardener-server: docs/making-requests.rst

To parse and select response in a XML format use the xml() wrapper. You can also query response following XPath.

.. note::

>     To make selected response valid well formed xml if the result is an array of nodes they are wrapped in :code:`<resultlist>` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To make selected response a valid well-formed XML if the result is an array of nodes they are wrapped in a :code:`<resultlist>` tag.
```

>     Moreover if any of these results is raw value instead of node it's also wrapped in :code:`<result>` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Moreover if any of these results is a raw value it's also wrapped in a :code:`<result>` tag.
```
